hi everyone it's me Bella and this is my
next black label lipstick haul so I
ordered these all from cherry culture
calm over a month ago but since I took
the cheapest shipping option I just
received them today which I really
didn't mind the first thing we have here
is called cherry what I like about it is
that it's sheer so it's buildable I can
put more layers on if I want a more
intense red lip color but if I just
wanted like a touch of red maybe a
couple of layers I'm good to go so the
next lipstick we've got here is called
strawberry shortcake which I also really
like umm it's semi frosted but it's on
the pink few so I really like it cuz it
feels really good on my lips it glides
on really easily and it goes with a lot
of different looks a lot of different
outfits so I will be wearing this a lot
as well
the next one we have if I am not
mistaken it's called India I really
thought I'd liked this a lot but it's
way too light for my skin color so I
definitely will have to find a way to
wear this where I don't look pale and
dead like a zombie so I do like the
smell among all the four lipsticks this
has my favorite scent the next one we
have here is called chakra so it's more
about the orange e pinkish tone which I
really like
it is really frosted so I would suggest
wearing this maybe only at night not
really it's not really for me during the
day it is alright actually could use it
as a highlighter in the middle of my
lips so that is my next Black Label
lipstick all check out my blog for more
information